Add envoy filter override (#148)
sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-helm: charts/sourcegraph/examples/envoy/README.md

# Envoy Filter

> This override file creates a new resource called `EnvoyFilter` to enable trailers on evoy for gitserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This override file creates a new resource called `EnvoyFilter` to enable HTTP trailers on envoy for gitserver.
```

> It is an example on how to add use an override file to apply a new envoy filter to resolve the following error message in gitserver caused by service mesh (ex. istio):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an example override file to apply a new envoy filter to resolve the following error message in gitserver caused by service mesh (ex. istio):
```
